The Meijer-Garfield Connection
Published on May 11, 2008.
Meijer, the grocery store I usually frequent, uses Garfield the cat as a sort of product mascot.
I hate Garfield.
Garfield is probably the least funny comic in existence.
The comics are so bad that removing all traces of Garfield makes them funnier .
So it’s strange to see Meijer use such a hated cat as a mascot.
Personally, seeing Garfield on a product makes me want to buy it less.
I used to like Garfield when I was a kid.
It’s probably because back then, my brain wasn’t fully developed or something.
Anyway, I bought some Meijer String Cheese today.
It’s pretty good, despite the existence of Garfield as a mascot.